https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4392593755/

COMPANY NAME: Swisslog
JOB TITLE: Senior Software Solution Architect
LOCATION: Gothenburg, Västra Götaland County, Sweden

JOB ADS:
Where do people love what they do, and being great at what they do?
At Swisslog, that’s where! Our teams are the heart of a world-leading Robotics company that’s harnessing the power of technology to shape the future of intralogistics. The result? We’re transforming performance and efficiency for customers across the globe, giving them the vital edge in their markets.
Responsibilities
Make an impact We are seeking a dedicated candidate for the position of Senior Software Solution Architect who enjoys being the bridge between customers and our development teams, translating logistics processes and business rules into smart, functional SynQ solutions. In this role, you will be responsible for leading the software process together with the Software Project Manager by managing the SW requirements from the sales phase, to the Realization phase, to System Support after project delivery. The Software Solution Architect is also responsible for the definition of the specifications to fulfil customer requirements defined by the contract, ensuring consistency, traceability and alignment throughout the project lifecycle.
Support and collaborate closely with other project members during the projects different phases, such as: Software Project Manager, Software Technical Leader and Quality Assurance team.
Work alongside the customer, sales team and design team to find, present, demonstrate, describe and estimate Software Solutions for potential projects.
Lead requirement workshops, asking the right questions to capture business rules, processes and functional needs.
Collect and define user requirements into functional specifications.
Be responsible for maintaining and updating documentation connected to the different phases of the projects.
Analyze “as‑is” and “to‑be” business processes and identify gaps between customer needs and standard software functionality.
Play a pivotal role in creating customer value by using the Swisslog software in the best possible way to convince customers to choose our solution for their automation needs.
Application Requirements
What you need to succeed
Degree in computer science, software engineering or equivalent.
Several years of experience working with Software analysis, specifications and requirements management. As well as experience of working in a team providing Software solutions in customer projects.
Ability to work autonomously on requirements analysis while following established processes and quality standards.
Structured and analytical mindset, with attention to detail and quality.
Excellent written and verbal skills in English and preferably also in Swedish.
We consider it desirable if you have experience from supply chain or logistics. As well as knowledge of automated material handling products.
We would also consider it desirable of you have been working in a consulting position with customer contact.
The successful candidate is passionate about technology and enjoy working with different stakeholders, both internally and externally. You have a strong customer focus, enjoy working in teams and are also able to work independently in a structured manner. You take responsibility for your projects and produce high quality work and results. NOTE: To ensure high safety and compliance standards, Swisslog carries out a background check before the final hiring decision.
Our promise to you
Swisslog is a world of opportunity for people who can deliver a game changing mission: driving the future of intralogistics, by shaping an era of robotic and data-driven automated solutions that create exceptional customer value.
Join us on this journey and you’ll be part of a global enterprise that’s proud of its Swiss roots - and hugely excited by the worldwide opportunities open to everyone in the Swisslog family. So come and realize your potential, in a team that’s united by passion and driven by the OneSwisslog team spirit.
About Swisslog
Swisslog is shaping the future of intralogistics. As part of the KUKA Group, we work on the latest technologies that are reimagining the world of logistics. We’re a team of 3,000+ experts from 50 countries, serving some of the world's largest and most exciting brands. Together, we’re implementing smart and innovative approaches - including flexible robot-based and data-driven automation solutions that are transforming the supply chain. So join our team and share your unique perspective.
Join the journey!
If you think a career with Swisslog could be what you are looking for, we´d love to hear from you.
We´re looking forward to receiving your application!
Show more
Show less
